Fix for missing jobs_log entries when jobs submitted via pgwire's simpleQuery failed (#17652)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.10.4.rst

- Fixed NPE when querying the :ref:`sys.allocations <sys-allocations>` table
  while no master node has been discovered. A proper exception is now thrown
  instead of an NPE.

> 
> - Fixed an issue that caused queries submitted via PG wire that failed also
>   failed to be logged in :ref:`sys.jobs_log <sys-logs>`.

Reviewer: Looks like a type with double usage of "failed" and this is specific only to parsing failures

```suggestion

- Fixed an issue that caused queries submitted via PG wire to 
not be logged in :ref:`sys.jobs_log <sys-logs>` in case of a parsing failure.
```

We need a 5.9 entry because we already have a fix in 5.9.13
